Update PR descriptions (#117)
Skyscanner/turbolift: README.md

...
```

#### Updating PRs

Use the `update-prs` command to update PRs after creating them. Current options for updating PRs are:

- Update PR titles and descriptions with `--amend-description`:

```turbolift update-prs --amend-description [--yes]```

> As with creating PRs, use the flag `--description` to specify an alternative file to README.md.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, turbolift will read a revised PR Title and Description from `README.md`. The title is taken from the first heading line, and the description is the remainder of the file contents.

As with creating PRs, if you need Turbolift to read these values from an alternative file, use the flag `--description PATH_TO_FILE`.
```

> - Update PR titles and descriptions with `--amend-description`:
> 
> ```turbolift update-prs --amend-description [--yes]```
> 
> As with creating PRs, use the flag `--description` to specify an alternative file to README.md.
> 
> ```turblift update-prs --amend-description --description prDescriptionFile1.md```
> 
> - Close PRs with the `--close` flag:

Reviewer: I think a list will have confusing formatting - would suggest headings? (`h5`!)

```suggestion
##### Update PR titles and descriptions with `--amend-description`

```turbolift update-prs --amend-description [--yes]```

As with creating PRs, use the flag `--description` to specify an alternative file to README.md.

```turblift update-prs --amend-description --description prDescriptionFile1.md```

##### Close PRs with the `--close` flag
```
